Consistency 2023-02-16 (#1278)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/foxx-reference-modules-queues.md

Creates a proxy object representing a job with the given job id.

The job is looked up in the specified queue in the current database.

Returns the job for the given jobId. Properties of the job object are

> fetched whenever they are referenced and can not be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fetched whenever they are referenced and cannot be modified.
```

Returns an array of job ids of jobs in the given queue with the status
`"progress"`, optionally filtered by the given job type.

> The jobs is looked up in the specified queue in the current database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job is looked up in the specified queue in the current database.
```

Author: I think I didn't read this carefully enough and it should be `The jobs are looked up`

Returns an array of job ids of jobs in the given queue with the status
`"complete"`, optionally filtered by the given job type.

> The jobs is looked up in the specified queue in the current database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job is looked up in the specified queue in the current database.
```

Returns an array of job ids of all jobs in the given queue,
optionally filtered by the given job type.

> The jobs is looked up in the specified queue in the current database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job is looked up in the specified queue in the current database.
```
